adds a batch of installer bugs to RNs (#48573)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-11-release-notes.adoc

* Previously, there was an eventual consistency issue in the AWS Terraform provider when updating new load balancers. Therefore, the installation would fail when trying to access the new load balancers. With this fix, the installer is now updated to an upstream Terraform provider, which ensures eventual consistency. As a result, the installation does not fail. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1898265[*BZ#1898265*])

* Previously, the installation program had a list of required APIs that check for quota and permissions, and the list contained some unnecessary APIs that failed if the user did not provide the permissions. With this update, The list of APIs is split into `required` and `optional` where the `optional` APIs are not accessible. A warning message is displayed for the `optional` APIs. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2084280[*BZ#2084280*])

> * Previously, the `.apps` entry did not have the tag `kubernetes.io_cluster<infraID>` that was used by the installation program to delete code from the database to isolate all the resources created for a given cluster and delete them. With this update, a tag was added to the cluster ingress Operator during creation time which makes the entry visible to delete. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2055601[*BZ#2055601*])

Reviewer: I think the first sentence could be made more clear. Currently, it's not clear whether it's the _installation program_ that is responsible for isolating resources or if it's the _code the installation program is deleting_ that is responsible for isolating resources. So iiuc:
```suggestion
* Previously, the `.apps` entry did not have the tag `kubernetes.io_cluster<infraID>` that was used by the installation program to delete code from the database that would isolate all the resources created for a given cluster and delete them. With this update, a tag was added to the cluster Ingress Operator during creation time which makes the entry visible to delete. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2055601[*BZ#2055601*])
```

> * Previosly, `openshift-install` would fail when using the internal publishing strategy. With this update, the `openshift-install` no longer fails. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2047670[*BZ#2047670*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the `openshift-install` command would fail when using the internal publishing strategy. With this update, the `openshift-install` command no longer fails. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2047670[*BZ#2047670*])
```
or maybe
```suggestion
* Previously, the installation program would fail when using the internal publishing strategy. With this update, the installation program no longer fails. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2047670[*BZ#2047670*])
```

> * Previously, there was an eventual consistency issue in the AWS Terraform provider when updating to newly created Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs). Consequently, the installation program would fail in attempt to access VPCs. With this update, the installation program is updated to the upstream Terraform provider and the install does not fail. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2043080[*BZ#2043080*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, there was an eventual consistency issue in the AWS Terraform provider when updating to newly created Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs). Consequently, the installation program would fail when attempting to access VPCs. With this update, the installation program is updated to the upstream Terraform provider and the install does not fail. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2043080[*BZ#2043080*])
```

> * Previously, there was an eventual consistency issue in the AWS Terraform provider when updating to newly created network interfaces. Consequently, installs would fail to access the network interfaces. With this update, the Terraform provider is updated to accept eventual consistency and install does not fail. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2047741[*BZ#2047741*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, there was an eventual consistency issue in the AWS Terraform provider when updating to newly created network interfaces. Consequently, installs would fail to access the network interfaces. With this update, the Terraform provider is updated to accept eventual consistency and installation does not fail. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2047741[*BZ#2047741*])
```

> * Previously, the `corespersocket` value could be higher than the `numCores` value when installing a VMware cluster using installer-provisioned infrastructure. This could cause unexpected results during installation. This update corrects this behavior by warning the user to correct these values before the cluster is created. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2034147[*BZ#2034147*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the `corespersocket` value could be higher than the `numCores` value when installing a VMware cluster using installer-provisioned infrastructure. This could cause unexpected results during installation. With this update, users receive a warning to correct these values before the cluster is created. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2034147[*BZ#2034147*])
```

* Previously, a rare bug caused inconsistency during AWS cluster installations. The installation program has been updated to avoid this scenario. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2046277[*BZ#2046277*])

* Previously, the bootstrap machine used a default size and instance type when installing on Azure using installer-provisioned infrastructure. With this update, the bootstrap machine uses the size and instance type of the control plane machines. You can now control the size and instance type of the bootstrap machine by modifying the control plane settings in your installation configuration. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2026356[*BZ#2026356*])

* Previously, the installation program provided Terraform with an ambiguous network name. This could lead to Terraform being unable to determine the correct network to use. With this update, the installation program provides Terraform with a unique network ID so that the installation succeeds. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1918005[*BZ#1918005*])

> * Previously, control plane machines could be created before the dependent NAT gateway was created when installing a cluster on AWS, causing the installation to fail. With this update, terraform ensures that the NAT gateway has been created before the control plane machines are created. This ensures that the installation will succeed. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2049108[*BZ#2049108*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, control plane machines could be created before the dependent NAT gateway was created when installing a cluster on AWS, causing the installation to fail. With this update, Terraform ensures that the NAT gateway has been created before the control plane machines are created. This ensures that the installation will succeed. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2049108[*BZ#2049108*])
```

* Previously, if you used an OVN network rather than the default OSN network, the scale-up task failed because it took longer than the maximum amount of time required. This update doubles the amount of retries during the scale-up task so that the task can be completed. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2090151[*BZ#2090151*])

> * Previously, when you tried to delete multiple clusters from the database in parallel, the delete process failed because of a bug in the `vmware` and `govmomi` libraries. The bug caused one of the cluster's tags to be deleted, which resulted in a 404 error when the delete process could not find the tag. This update ignores tags that aren't found and continues the delete process so that it finishes without error. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2021041[*BZ#2021041*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, when you tried to delete multiple clusters from the database in parallel, the deletion process failed because of a bug in the `vmware` and `govmomi` libraries. The bug caused one of the cluster's tags to be deleted, which resulted in a 404 error when the deletion process could not find the tag. This update ignores tags that aren't found and continues the deletion so that it finishes without error. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2021041[*BZ#2021041*])
```
